All right.
In the last section, we have completed the functionality of sending data from this input.
In this section, we're going to get the data that we have uploaded to Firestorm and show it inside
this post section.
The only things that I forgot to mention is for the emoji here.
I had the plan to add the emoji at first, but unfortunately for the new version of the emoji package,
which is emoji marked and it doesn't work for the next year and reacts any anymore.
But as soon as I find out that the an alternative or if the new version works, I'm going to add this
emoji as well for the project in the update section.
Okay, so let's just start getting the data from the firebase.
Uh, so we need to go to Visual Studio code.
And we go to post Sturgis.
If you remember, before we were using the, uh.
If you remember in the poor feta cheese, actually.
We.
We made the dummy data.
An array of posts, but they were all just hard coded data.
Instead of these, we want we want to create these posts using the real data from fire.
So in order to do that, we need to create a piece of state for post first.
So here at the top, I just create a state and we call it posts and we set.
Post here.
And we call this a use estate.
And the initial value would be an empty array.
So now we can delete this one.
And instead I'm going to.
At the.
Uh, I'm going to use a stage to each time that someone comes to this page, which is home page and
the feed 30th, we can get the data from the firestorm for this piece of information that we need,
which is posts like we just write users, they use the effects.
Dos effects is going to take a function and dependencies.
So we add the function first.
Then the dependency here.
So inside a function, you're going to create a constant called unsubscribe.
So unsubscribe actually means that we are getting the information from Firebase with this snapshot,
and we save it to a constant called unsubscribe.
This is just the convention way.
To do it.
The function we are going to use is on a snapshot.
It's Hey, we need to import this on a snapshot from Firestone.
Also, we need to import use a state.
From React sort use effects from react.
This is wrong.
We shouldn't bring it from there.
So we need to import.
Use effects and also use a state.
From reacts, right?
So on the snapshot gets now been we need to get the query we want to query the fire.
So because we want to get the posts and the collection post and we want to order it by its time the
time timestamp.
Okay.
So we need to add the Kurri Kurri is actually a building function from fire store, so we need to import
this one as well.
So we import it already on a snapshot query.
So in the collection, collection is a built in function too.
So we import that one to.
So collection takes two things.
The first one is DB, which is coming from the fire.
Fire.
FIREBASE That is that they have created.
Okay.
So we imported that one too.
And inside the DB you want to go to a collection called Posts?
After that.
We want to after the query, actually.
You want to order it by.
So we use order buy, which is a building function from first or two and the file order by.
I wanted to order it by timestamp.
Which is the field in our post.
And, uh, I want it to be descending.
It means the new ones comes first.
Okay.
So after we got everything.
Here.
We we want to get this snapshot.
And when we get it, we get it.
We want to sit the posts.
I mean, the estate we have created here.
This morning we set the post.
To a snapshot that duck.
So which in this one is.
A snapshot date.
Ducks.
This is the information we get from Firestone.
Let's see.
We write down everything correctly.
So.
Where?
Query.
Collection DV.
Post order by.
And, uh.
That is fine to.
Snapshots?
That's correct.
Okay.
You get in error.
Let's check the error.
See.
And one parenthesis is missing.
So let me check again.
And that's correct.
We just need to return this unsubscribe server just to return this.
Now.
They say unsubscribe is not defined.
I think we don't even need this one because we are returning.
You just need to return this one.
Delete this.
Now.
He said the snapshot is empty.
So let's check.
I think you.
Snapshot.
We need to add another parenthesis because now this one is outside.
This should be inside the Snapchat on Snapchat.
So.
We need to add apprentices that close this one.
And, uh, it's going to be open from here.
That should be fine.
Now it's refresh to page.
On ex expected times, but it was a cluster of severe.
If we check again, you know, we we actually.
Put parentheses here.
And the courier.
Courier should cover all of this.
And then.
Uh.
This one should be.
Sorry to late.
This is.
I think death now should work.
Okay.
It's working now.
So we made the honest stamp shots.
Which is returning the unsubscribe at the remove the unsubscribe because we are returning directly actually
we we can delete this one to the return this phone to.
Because it's just one thing.
It should be like it can be like this stuff.
Okay.
Uh, the courier is covering from here to here because we're quoting a collection called Post and Order
by Tom Stamp the sending and this on Snapchat is going to return a snapshot and the snapshot is going
to give us all the posts.
Now we are getting the post, but the reason we are getting like this because it's was hard coded before.
If you look at the post that J is.
We got the information from the Post, but we made it like this post that name post, the time stamp
or something like that.
But when we are getting information from fire as store, we need to just make it like this.
Instead of just seeing posts, we just see post better than that name.
Now if you check, we're getting the name.
So we need to fix this one for.
All the other ones.
So we have the data here for username ifixit.
Time is stamped.
We don't torture because the time served is different.
We need to install a package called moment, so we just ignore it for now, for the user image we add.
And what else we have, we have the image here.
Um.
I think that's it.
It just check.
Yeah.
We have everything.
Except.
We don't have the image yet to check again.
The image is as called image actually inside the database.
Okay.
Now we should see a.
Yeah.
The images are similar.
Let's delete the database.
Everything.
Now we post some images instead.
A storage too.
We can delete all the storage.
I have already downloaded some images, so here is a first image I get.
This image recorded.
Amazing.
And for this, the icon.
I feel if you add a border to it, it will be very nice.
So let me check.
And the place we see that image.
I think it was.
It was here.
And we added a dot icon.
It, uh, not here.
Where was it?
Uh, yeah, it was inside the input note here.
So let me search for the X icon.
So I'm here.
So we just.
I feel if I had a border, a very nice.
Yeah, that looks better.
And you can remove the.
Shadow to.
And we just change the color of the border to be marked.
Okay.
Looks better.
And then we can bring it a little bit down to.
So we just added padding.
One.
Padding, not padding margin margin of four.
Okay.
Looks okay.
So we just say amazing.
And we tweeted.
And, uh, we should see it just after that.
Yeah.
We don't see this.
Amazing.
Let's check in the poster.
Yes.
Before the image we had.
On the name.
What about the ticks?
So let's find the texts.
Let me search for texts.
Now post the text here.
You just add data here as well.
So we should see the amazing.
Now let's add another image.
This is a bird to survive.
Just say a bird.
And finally, we add the.
I think the first image was.
Yeah.
Just a nice.
Okay.
I think everything looks okay.
But we just need to add that time stamp.
So for Timestamp we need to add a package called the React Moments.
So let me search and show it here for you.
You search for a package, calls and reacts.
Moments.
And in the search results, we go to a NPM package.
Called React moment.
Click here.
Uh, before installation.
We just need to npn install moment and react moment so we copy this and replaced it here.
They stop the server and paste the code and for usage we just need to import react moment and we just
add it whenever we want to use it.
And we want to use a method called.
Uh, from now.
So I show you here, the example here.
You want to show it from now.
And this is the format we get.
We should convert to this format and the the things we get from fire as store.
So we use a method called to date to do it.
Okay.
I think the installation has been completed.
Let's start the server again and we go to that.
Here post a timestamp.
We need to at the moment.
So just a moment.
They close it and we need to imported react moments since see here the important moment from react moments.
So this one and inside we need to get the.
Post dot timestamp.
But we need to convert this one to dates.
This is a built in JavaScript function.
Then we want to use from now attributes.
Okay.
Now, if you check our website, we should see a timestamp vision.
Refresh to page.
Still a service is loading.
Santa cannot read the two date.
Because sometimes it takes.
We need to protect this.
Sometimes it takes time to calm down.
So we just said just in case it is not available, don't use it.
So.
Now we test.
Yeah.
That's working.
Just a few seconds ago.
And if you one minute, 2 minutes past this, one's going to show something else.
Okay.
Now, that was it for this section.
Let's add this one to the get top.
So we just take it at all and we add a message.
Of.
Get post data from.
Fires tore.
And the.
Sure.
Show them in the post.
Six and we push it to get her.
Let's test it.
Let's see what we added.
So we refresh the page by clicking on this.
Now we have 14 commits.
And.
The last one is get post data from Pfizer.
I showed him in the post section.
So when he deleted this data we created we have we have created before the dummy data.
Instead, we made a piece of state and we got the data from Pfizer store using use user state use effect
hook.
We used on a snapshot, we carried the collection of post and we sorted by timestamp the sending.
And inside input that if you just add a border to the icon for the postage.
Yes, we changed the we added the date data because this is the format we need to get from file store.
Then we added a package called Moment React Moment and we use from now attribute to be converted the
time stamp to date.
Okay.
Yeah, that was it.
Now we have installed moment and react moment.
But that was it for this section.
So see you in the next video.